hi this is Joe from live free cycle
sales this is a 1976 FX e Bicentennial
edition I recently got this bike from
the second owner who was a 30-year
factory harley-davidson mechanic who
took meticulous care of this bike the
way you look at it and just the way he
serviced it like it's all original
except for the spokes there's new rings
on the Pistons
it has new row valves and guides all the
finishes are original the the exhaust
has been changed but the factory exhaust
is right here they came with the bike it
has the factory black speckle paint
which looks a lot like overspray but
it's not you can see here that it is all
the original blinkers original seat
here's the Bicentennial decal paint job
it has 30,000 original miles the engine
is very clean some of the aluminum has
been repolished by hand this bike is
just immaculate
it runs absolutely perfect doesn't smoke
they're the original rims but the spokes
have been replaced with factory Harley
Davis's spokes
I have the old spokes as well as you see
that pendant the paint on the front
fender is speckle as well
original brake has been rebuilt but is
the original brake again some hand
polishing was done on the legs original
primary very clean new starter do was
put in this bike as long as well as a
solenoid it's a Harley Davidson solenoid
I have the original as well original key
original ignition switch obviously it's
the original tank you notice all the
warning stickers are still on this bike
there's really nothing missing on this
motorcycle it's just it's just
unbelievably clean
I'm runs excellent fire it up here
like runs excellent transmission shifts
like it's brand-new I've had a lot of
these bikes and this is definitely the
nicest one I've had it does not smoke at
all engines very quiet no leaks
whatsoever